alright guys I need some fashion advice
how does this look it's a little low
pick it up a little a little bit more
come on this looks good please trust me
I buy 30 fashion magazines a month now I
don't know who's running for president
or who that NATO guy is but I do know
that you have to get as far away as you
can from that happen I have this date
tomorrow night I don't have to look cool
well you know if you want a fashion help
Rachel and I are going shopping tomorrow
you're more than welcome to come with us
right really that would be great I mean
I have to do something she kind of
teased me about how I dress I could see
what a nice shirt you're wearing the
same shirt stupid gap on every corner
[Music]
you know we should just go I'm not gonna
find anything here this stuff is
ridiculous
Rach come on I'm not gonna wear any of
this nothing that silver okay nothing
with hair and nothing with padlocks on
it I know that some of this stuff is out
there but I mean come on
look at this look at this sweater I mean
this is just beautiful wow this is
really soft 350 dollars down from 700
you're saving like 200 bucks both logic
and math are taking a serious hit today
it's totally you
Wow actually this this looks pretty good
boys will be boys what they will be
sweet come on all right you know what
there's other stuff here some nice
shirts look at these these nice pants
huh actually this might look pretty good
on yes they will you know you should do
just go take a walk all right I know
your size and I'm gonna I'm gonna pick
out some really good stuff for you
really yes and I know what looks sexy on
guys please just wear what I suggest if
she is gonna go nuts for you so you're
saying if I wear these pants I might be
getting into hers why do men keep
talking me like this I'm not sure about
some of the bras I got oh really do you
want to try some of them on for me okay
wait are we in Joey's imagination oh no
a bra some bags by mistake
and what a mine is missing oh well Ross
probably has that you can get it from
you later
so what do you think I think we're not
wearing the same shirt anymore yeah yeah
Rachel picked it out for me she told me
to trust her and you know what I'm glad
I did I'm doing quite a few heads on my
way over here oh I see somebody's afraid
of a little competition with the ladies
looks like someone is the ladies you're
just jealous because you can pull this
off yeah now if you'll excuse me I have
a date see all eyes on me wow this looks
great
oh you are gonna love it and I'm so glad
we're finally doing this
so this was fun
[Music]
[Applause]